[Music]
if you're stuck in a house with a
demonic mirror that you're trying to
prove is haunted but you can't trust
anything you see hear or feel and it's
not to kill you what do you do
what is up welcome in this video and
cinema summary I'll be diving deep into
how to prove survive and beat the
demonic mirror as well as break down the
mistakes made along the way and tell you
what I would do differently in this
recap of the reality-warping
memory-wiping horror oculus the movie
opens on this little girl whose face is
all bloodied and she's hiding from a man
and she looks terrified she sneaks out
of a room to come face to face with this
ghost lady in which she turns around
there was this older guy pointing a gun
at her but it's actually a dream from
that same man holding the gun Tim
Russell who's now all grown up and been
in a mental hospital for 11 years ever
since he killed his abusive dad who
tried to kill him and his sister after
killing their mom who went crazy yeah
and that'll happen when he was like 10
so the trauma from the night was pretty
heavy 11 years late Dale he's released
from the hospital to rejoin society with
his sister Katie who's nice but really
intense like she's the kind of girl that
if you opened up her diary
you'd see pictures of dead animals or
something and she's all like hey Tim
welcome back to society guess what I
found it and now we can fulfill that
promise we made when we were kids they
promised that when they were older they
would destroyed that thing that
destroyed their family the Lasser glass
a mirror that the Russell family had 11
years ago that may be haunted she's done
research that goes back to like 1754
tracking who owned it at what time at
what place and there's been at least 10
owners all of whom who died under freak
circumstances
and none of them were able to destroy
the mirror themselves now the thing is
Kaylee's goal is to prove the mirrors
evil and that there's something
supernatural with it
this makes beating the Lasser glass
difficult because it means we have three
goals here prove the Lasser glass is
haunted that clear heard dad's name
break the mirror and survived to tell
the world but what are the rules of the
mirror what makes it so dangerous well
it can absorb the life out of living
things like plants animals and humans it
can mess of electronics shorting out
lights or messing with phones and TVs
it can give you hallucinations that
change what you see hear and experience
and we see this as it can mess with your
memory it makes you forget to eat and
drink so given all its powers how
exactly does Kaylee intend to destroy it
she and Tim take the mirror from this
auction house back to her childhood home
you know the one where their parents
died and remember how I said that she
was intense I was totally right about
that because she's bought this elaborate
setup with cameras lights food and
looking at over it looks like she raided
some college students dorm room maybe if
your parents were dead you would have
learned a thing or two about nutrition
Oh in each room in the house has like a
really sensitive thermostat to monitor
the mirrors influence on the room she's
also got plants spread across the house
that check the range of the mirrors
power as the closer a plant is to the
mirror the faster it dies oh and as
another layer of security get this she
told her fiance that if she doesn't
answer his calls he should tell the cops
that her psycho killer of a brother is
there with her look at his face you can
just tell he's thinking thanks sis maybe
if I throw you into the mirror I could
solve two problems but most importantly
she's raped this anchor that's set on a
timer and if it isn't reset in time
it will come SUIM and break the mirror
but there's obviously a few flaws of
cádiz execution let's remind a bit yeah
the cameras might be able to record all
that weird stuff that happens but how
does a help her if the mirror controls
what she sees her alarms are unmarked
making them easy targets for the mirror
to make her not hear them or trick her
into checking the wrong alarm or worse
trick her into standing in front of the
anchor
she should have focused on only
destroying the mirror setting the anchor
up and leaving the house course know
that she and Tim of look at the mirror
they are also under its influence KB
even tries to use a dog to test the
mirrors life-sucking abilities and I
mean seriously Cayley of all the dogs
that are out there you choose this one
you should have chosen one that deserved
it like this one or this one or even
this one thankfully Tim puts a stop to
the test and lets the dog out and tells
KB let's just move on and get out of
here which is honestly the best piece of
advice I've heard this entire movie and
Kami's like damn you're right until she
sees that the cameras moved themselves
or did they well actually Tim and Kaylie
moved them but don't remember because
the mirror tricked them and what's the
point of all these cameras if at the end
of the day we're supposed to take them
out their word like yeah I saw you doing
whatever over there and now you're
saying you didn't know what you were
doing this is starting to sound like my
first marriage
none of those ends what can we do to
prove that the mirror is haunted
I think a few things would have to be
changed to achieve all three goals I
mean they get a good job all things
considered but they really should have
taken themselves out of the equation
remember the mirror uses people to
protect itself however we do need to
bring in more people to prove its powers
we can hire priests and monks which is
in shaman's Wiccans and rabbis Dungeons
& Dragons
whoever we can who we can record testing
and trying to exercise the mirror there
are two possible outcomes here either
they are successful which is a win
because the mirror goast is gone or they
fail which is still a win because the
mirror will influence them and prove its
powers you can then livestream the whole
investigation posting on places like our
slash paranormal or slash X if you're
into that sort of thing
these viewers could act as eye witnesses
and keep things accountable providing
input and if things start to go bad they
can call the cops
Who am I kidding this guy's not gonna
call the cops like I get it that sounds
crazy but come on you're dealing with a
supernatural mirror that makes perfect
sense to use the supernatural against it
I mean dos busters might have proved
science could work against ghosts but
they had vilmer either way you do it you
cement reality by getting a truckload of
people we're not only outside of the
room but can't be influenced by the
mirror in short there's safety in
numbers
unfortunately Kayleigh didn't think
about bringing more people let's say all
communication is off-limits if we can't
trust what we hear what can we do to
communicate Kayleigh actually did a
pretty good job here watching the plants
and the dog's life drain away is pretty
convincing evidence the only thing is
how do you know the mirror isn't
changing what's being recorded on the
camera because Katie revealed all her
tricks to proving the mirrors haunted in
front of it what we need is something
that the mirror doesn't know about it
can't see so for the dog you could
insert a chip into it that could track
its health and vital signs if the mirror
kills the dog we will know how and why
it died as for plants you could take
them to a molecular biologist or someone
who doesn't have a career on
YouTube Harvard biochemical how can I
help you hi yes um I'm a youtuber and I
was just wondering how could you tell if
a plant had its soul taken by an evil
mirror hello hello they put me on hold
okay so what exactly happened that led
to all of this we learned more about the
things that led up to Kaylie in Tim's
dad going off the handle as candy saw
their dad began having an affair for a
woman named Marisol the dad himself is
beginning to see things like at one
point he begins ripping off his
fingernails thinking that their
band-aids which I think we've all been
there at least once in our lives but
he's not the only one who's changed the
plants in the house are dying
the family dog is sick all the time poor
puppy and Kaylie and Tim's mom is
becoming more unhinged she swears she
sees someone in the house at night so
the dad buys a gun
it begins leaving the house to go
golfing right is that what they're
calling it now
one day while he's out golfing the dog
freaks out and gets locked in the room
with the mirror and when the dad comes
back the dog is gone Kaylie intends Baum
begins to starve herself and tries to
break the mirror but it pulls out a
reverse uno card and breaks her mind
making her try to kill her kids only to
get knocked out by her husband who
chains her up in their bedroom and not
the good kind of Jing dub now Kaylie and
Tim also begin to hear and see things or
when they try Khan the doctor in the
police they hear the same voice saying
ask your dad our guard things are
getting really dangerous right now
and Katy and Tim realized that they need
help but I think if they did a couple
things a little differently they could
have gotten away from the mirror
so how should they escape she we gave
her dad a run for his money
she caught over the neighbor she tried
to call the doctors in the police she
broke out of the house a few times and
of course tries to break the mirror I
mean I get it if I chained to my wife
and wanted to spend some quality time
with him here I'd be pretty angry too
all in all
Kaylee's plans were pretty realistic and
pretty clever for a little girl to pull
off and before you say something like
why didn't they use a computer well it
wouldn't have worked as we know the
mirror can control what they see and
mess with electronic devices this leaves
us with communicating in push if these
kids want any chance of convincing
someone to check out their home they're
gonna need some money in evidence and
given the time frame of their childhood
early digital cameras and disposable
ones we're pretty common in the early
2000s assuming the family had one
already the kids would want to take
photos of their mom chained up inside of
neglect now the money can be stolen for
their dad's wallet taking from the piggy
bank or they can go digging around the
couch cushions for some change but
before they go they need to check out
the yellow pages for the address of
Child Protective Services once outside
they can walk to the nearest bus stop
and wait for a bus then they show the
address along with the evidence to
someone on the bus they can ensure that
they can get the child protective
service center damn it close for co vid
come on back in the house exposed to the
mirror in KB is showing signs of being
affected by it badly like she eats his
Apple but then realized she actually ate
a light bulb and you see her pull out a
shard of glass from her mouth and then
there's this other time where she wakes
up in front of the mirror barely getting
to the anchor in time to a set it yeah
she got cocky with her plan and check
this out
after the power goes out she breaks a
flower pot and when she looks at the
broken pot for her phone the phone
doesn't see the shards as soon as she
turns around she sees this monster and
stabbed it with a pot shard it was
actually her fiance who is definitely
dead for realsies no Tim goes outside
the cult police think that they just
need to wait it out a bit more
but then the lights of the house turn on
and they see themselves standing in
front of the mirror but the call doesn't
seem to go through as they hear the same
voice they heard as kids saying when the
events of the film intersect of the past
and the present and dad loads up his gun
and lets his wife off the chain as the
younger Katie breaks out of a window and
falls off the roof she's alive and out
but Tim not so much and kV god bless her
goes back to save him
even though she can see the ghosts of
the mirrors previous victims through the
window now the goats are gone but Tim is
hiding behind this counter thing and
he's mouthing something to Caylee he was
trying to warn her because as soon as
she turns her head she gets taken down
to the ground by her mother who begins
choking the life out of her and she
stops for just a moment I'll wait for
daddy over here to shoot her dead the
kids barely make it out to the mirror
room and tried to break it using golf
clubs that doesn't work their dad comes
in and is about to shoot them but he has
a moment of self control and helps Tim
shoot him he dies and his body leaves
his crack on the mirror as the ghostly
victims scream at the kids but Tim
manages to break out of the mirrors
control and rushes to trigger the anchor
at the same time Kaylie sees her mother
reaching for her from the mirror Katie
walks over to her and oh my god you just
stood Kaylie okay timeout for a minute
why would Tim think of pulling on the
kill switch early wouldn't have
consequences I mean he knows he can't
trust what he sees what he should have
done is as soon as he saw the room was
empty
he should have thought to himself huh
where's Katie oh there she is
well then anchor through her head
classic Kaylie mind you the anchor is
heavy and weighted so even though it
should be able to break the mirror
through Caylee's body it doesn't and
that's game over for Tim his phone go to
the cops earlier actually went through
and now they're here that taken
just as they dead 11 years ago and as
Tim has taken away he sees that Katy has
joined the other spirits in the mirror
so Tim is arrested KB's a ghost in the
mirror one so how do we beat it
something we do know is that the more
you're around the mirror the more
influence it has over you Tim and Kaylie
should not have been in the room at all
that way they find methods to limit the
amount exposure to the mirror now
Kaylee's anchor trap is an ingenious
workaround the Emir's ability and I
think to really beat it we have to do
more of that making things automated
that way we take yourself out of the
equation keeping us safe from harm now
to actually beat it we're gonna need a
different setup for day so we're gonna
put the mirror over here just like in
the movie with a camera on the same side
now these cameras have some company a
pair of Mounted Rifles set to a
mechanized trigger now behind the guns
as a barrier that blocks our line of
sight with the mirror also since the
guns are on the other side of the
barrier there's no risk to us crossing
over and getting hurt an accident
something that was clearly possible with
Katie's anchor if they had to be in the
room they should have at least had
another failsafe that would keep them
well say as well as something that could
contain them like cables handcuffs or
other harnesses no wait not those kinds
in any case distance and obscurity is
the key to breaking the mirror if you
want to increase your chances of beating
the Lasser glass keep your exposure to
the mirror to a minimum find ways to
stay still and keep things automatically
now you know how to prove the mirrors
haunted how to escape it break it and of
course things you shouldn't do in case
you're ever up against a demonic mirror
but what do you guys think could Cayley
and Tim would do all three let me know
that in your own strategies and the
couch below and with that said thank you
so much for watching if you enjoyed the
video leave a like down below and
subscribe to get updated on videos like
this until next time have a damn good
day